# Finn V4.0.0
This update has been in the works for quite a while now, since even before I started on working on 3.1.0. However 4.0.0 is ready for release and there is quite a lot to unpack.

 ## General
 - The Python version that Finn runs on has been updated from 3.9 to 3.10
	- This is to accomodate the new music rework to support slash commands
 
 ## Slash Commands
 - Every command has been rewritten to work as Slash Commands.
	 - This means that the bot now complies with Discord's new rules eliminating the need for prefix ("~") commands.
	 - All commands will appear in a commands list that can be accessed by typing / in the text box in the server.
	 - Whendatabase this update is pushed, the bot's commands will  be unavailable for about an hour so that they can sync with Discord's server properly. So please be patient during that time
- The libraries that are the life of Finn have been updated to support this change.
	- With these updated libraries, There is potential to create things that were otherwise impossible before this, e.g: using Buttons to give roles etc...

## Toontown Stat Tracking
- Finn can now track the population, district status, and invasion status of Toontown Rewritten and Toontown: Corporate Clash
	- This also applies to Toontown Rewritten's Field Offices too!
- These trackers will update every minute displaying the most up to date information going on in the world of Toontown.
	- Please note that they cannot check to see if the game can be logged into though.
- Finn has had it's moderation powers worked on, and can now do things like:
	- Properly Mute and Unmute members
	- Purge a channel of it's messages
	- Toggle slowmode of any length of time
	- Lock and Unlock channels from being typed in
	- Give out announcements on behalf of the Moderators
	- Proper logging of Moderation command usage
- Mod commands have been split into command groups for futureproofing reasons.

## Fun
- Added some really dumb commands for people's enjoyment. Have fun!

## Music
- Finn's music capabilities have been completely reworked, allowing for invocation using Slash Commands
	- Youtube links to play audio work perfectly, However Discord attachments won't work.
	- The Queue works properly
	- Adding songs is working as intended
- Finn is now using a music streaming server that is being hosted by myself.
	- I have had a lot of trouble finding a good music streaming server that's reliable. However, because there have been a lot of issues with ones that are available to the public, I decided to host my own.
	- This server has been tested over the course of a couple weeks and has been rock solid. I have access to all the CPU and RAM statistics and nothing is reaching the limits.
	- However, I am inclined to upgrade the server that the streaming service is hosted on, and to give it out to the public to give other people a good, rock solid server that they can trust!

## Other
- I have been working on a couple side projects for Finn, and while they will not be included in this update, The features that I have been working on are
	- Ability to easily see the stats of both the Bot's server and the Music Server
	- Make a way for people to see that the servers are running as intended
	- Create a dashboard for Finn so that it can be controlled from the web
	- Create a system that includes the use of a proper database

## Ending Notes
Finn was once just a passion project for when I was bored, but now it has become my personal one-stop-shop for everything that I want / need in a bot and I have learned so much on the way.

If you would like to learn more about me, or Finn, Visit these links down below!
[Learn about Me](snoopee110.carrd.co) 
[Learn about Finn](finnbot.carrd.co)
