# Finn V5.0.0
One of the largest updates that Finn has received to date, There is a lot so there may be a lot of bugs. If you find any, use the new Discord Server's bug report form!

Speaking of. You can join the new Discord server [here!](https://discord.gg/jkxR2Bxt2c)

## Additions

### Moderation
- Moderation has had it's second rewrite to make sure that everything is intuitive and easy!
    - Moderators can now use Finn to make announcements.
    - Any and all mod command usage get's logged in a special channel and can be tracked.
    - Moderators can Lock and Unlock specific channels, and set slowmode
    - Users that are infractioned will get a DM stating why they had an infraction.
    - Moderators can lookup information on a specific user.
        - This is to make sure that any accounts that join are not bot/spam accounts.
    - Moderators can purge channels.
    - Warnings, Mutes and Bans are all done through Finn for easy tracking.

### ModMail
- Need any help from a Moderator? Finn can now help you out!
    - Members can now start a ModMail ticket from anywhere in the server.
    - ModMail managers are alerted when channels are created.
    - The user at any point can close the ticket.
        - Finn will make a copy of all the messages sent in the ModMail channel
        - The channel is then deleted, and a copy of the transcript is sent to your DMs, as well as a Moderator logging channel.

### Reporting
- Finn can now accept and pass on reports.
    - You can send in member reports for the Moderators, or you can send in bot reports to the devs.
- Start a report by using /report user or /report bug and follow the on screen prompts.


### Text to Speech
- Finn can speak!
    - Finn can now use Google's Text to Speech library to speak in voice channels!
    - All you have to do is give it a prompt while being connected to a voice channel.
    - Once Finn has connected, he'll say what you request and will disconnect himself.

### Starboard
- Finn can now help you cherish those good memes or messages.
    - Finn can now starboard messages, embeds, or attachments to a starboard channel.
    - You cannot starboard something that is already in the starboard channel
    - You need to get 3 or more stars on the starboard to add it.
--- 
# Finn V5.0.0.1 Hotfix
- Fixed Starboard channel only being linked to a specific channel. It will now use the server's own starboard channel.

